# CAMazed

This Processing application is supposed to use a webcam and detect a maze. The
program is then supposed to solve the maze and display the solution on top of
the webcam image.

## Contributions:

+ Ethan
    + A-Star Maze Solver
    + Maze Detection
    + Maze Solving
    + Solution Drawing

+ Joseph
    + Color setter
    + Created sample mazes and tested code

## Directory Breakdown

+ CAMazed/
    + .pde files:
        + CAMazed.pde
        + EdgeDetector.pde
        + Node.pde
        + MazeHeap.pde
        + MazeSolver.pde
    + .png files:
        + simple.png
        + simple2.png
        + simple3.png
        + simple4.png
        + simple5.png
        + maze.png
        + Solutions generated by our program for all of these mazes.
        + ** NOTE ** That all the images that begin with 'simple' are basic
          mazes with minimal walls.

## How to use this program

+ Run the program by pressing the "start" or "play" button at the top of the
  Processing IDE
+ Hold a printed maze, or one of the sample ones in the CAMazed directory, up to
  the webcam so it is fully displayed on the webcam display.
+ Press the 's' key and click where the start of the maze is. It is much advised
  that you use a black and white maze with different colored dots to signify the
  start and end, such as the ones provided in the CAMazed directory.
+ The camera will freeze and allow the image to be static in order for the next
  step.
+ Press the 'e' key and click where the end of the maze is.
+ The solution should generate after a few seconds in a thin neon green line!

### Supplemental Projects for Ethan Cheng

+ https://github.com/elc1798/CavernWars-Java
+ https://github.com/elc1798/jShell
